Add info note to the X.509 Canonical DN representation enabled option (#48136)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/authentication/x509.adoc

Defines the method for extracting the user identity from a client certificate.

*Canonical DN representation enabled*::

> Defines whether to use canonical format to determine a distinguished name. The format adds some extra canonicalizations to the RFC 2253 conformant string representation. The official link:https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/25/docs/api/java.base/javax/security/auth/x500/X500Principal.html#getName(java.lang.String)[Java API documentation] describes the additions in detail. This option affects the two User Identity Sources _Match SubjectDN using regular expression_ and _Match IssuerDN using regular expression_ only. Do not enable this option to retain backward compatibility with existing {project_name} instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines whether to use the canonical format to determine a distinguished name. The format adds additional normalization rules to the RFC 2253 conformant string representation. The official link:https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/25/docs/api/java.base/javax/security/auth/x500/X500Principal.html#getName(java.lang.String)[Java API documentation] describes the additions in detail. This option affects the following User Identity Sources only:

* _Match SubjectDN using regular expression_
* _Match IssuerDN using regular expression_
* _Certificate Serial Number and IssuerDN_ (the IssuerDN portion) 
 
WARNING: Do not enable this option to retain backward compatibility with existing {project_name} instances.
```

IMO, we should also mention the `SERIALNUMBER_ISSUERDN` (_Certificate Serial Number and IssuerDN_ ), as I've seen it checks the `isCanonicalDnEnabled()` as well. 

Sudden canonicalization might lead to big problems, so maybe it would be better to emphasize it more with the warning? @rmartinc WDYT?

Author: Yes, no problem, I have commited your suggestions and I will change the info for warning. I don't think that it is so important. No CA will issue certificates with weird characters. But it's OK.

> NOTE: The `canonical` format performs modifications over the presented DN in the certificate (for example leading and trailing spaces are removed or the entire name is converted to uppercase and lowercase using the english locale). This behavior can lead to collisions in user matching if the Certificate Authorities (CA) that issue the certificates do not validate the assigned DN (for example if DNs are issued using any locale and present problems when performing the upper and lower case in english). Do not enable this option if you cannot guarantee that the canonical representation avoids duplications for the later matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `canonical` format performs modifications over the presented DN in the certificate (e.g., leading and trailing spaces are removed or the entire name is converted to uppercase and lowercase using the English locale). This behavior can lead to collisions in user matching if the Certificate Authorities (CA) that issue the certificates do not validate the assigned DN (e.g., if DNs are issued using any locale and present problems when performing the upper and lower case in English). Do not enable this option if you cannot guarantee that the canonical representation avoids duplications for later matching.
```

Just syntax. 

So, the explanation of the whole situation with the canonicalization might be in the following INFO section as you have right now. So the situation is: having the brief WARNING saying you should not enable it at sudden + note with some explanation. WDYT?

Author: Argh! I wanted to commit and I resolved it. I'm OK with the changes. I'll prepare the changes directly and update the PR.
